[RFC] Doc/smp svr ncs building (#274)
nrfconnect/sdk-zephyr: samples/subsys/mgmt/mcumgr/smp_svr/README.rst

you can build one and use it following the instructions in
:ref:`bluetooth-hci-uart-bluez`.

> Building and Running using NCS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building using the nRF Connect SDK
```
We shouldn't use the NCS abbreviation in the docs.

******************************

> Building the sammple as a part off nRF Connect SDK is simplified in comparasion

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Building the sample using the nRF Connect SDK is simpler than using the
mainline Zephyr procedure.
```

to the vanilla zephyr sample.

> .. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

Reviewer 3: Is this file missing, or is it in the nrf repo?

Reviewer: This file is in the nrf repository, so this won't work unfortunately, and you'll need to include the text manually. :(
We also don't have automatic linking set up this way around (you can link from the NCS docs to the Zephyr docs, but not from Zephyr to NCS), so the only way to link will be to use an absolute link ( https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/gs_programming.html#gs-programming ) - which will point to master and not to a specific release, and it'll point to the online doc even when users build the docs locally. I think we can live with those problems though.

> Building and Running

Author: I would remove original zephyr build and Running section.
Or maybe It would be better to rename it to Building and Running (vanilla zephyr) or something which reflect that this is zephyr base build manual.
What are yours opinion?

Reviewer 2: I think we should keep it, at the very least to avoid merge conflicts. @ru-fu ?

Reviewer: No strong opinion here. If we want people to use the NCS way of building, we should remove this section. But if that leads to constant merge conflicts, I don't mind keeping it.
